*sigh
hey Mark,  you doing alright?
Yeah
Yeah, its nothing
Ok, you know Carol?
Susan's roommate?
uh-huh
We were texting
Really?
Yup
Bring a friend
Not exactly what you had in mind when you asked her out
Exactly
I've been there man
Last week I was hanging with Erica
Yeah I know right, quality people are so hard to come by these days
They're so rare
I feel like I hardly ever come across a girl who I wouldn't mind sharing a cup of coffee
and a croissant with
You know, you're a really sweet guy Tom
I have a friend that would be perfect for you
She loves crescents
No!
Uh-huh
You're interested in her, not her friend
Thank You!
Why can't they take the hint?
Girls can be so thick sometimes
You're the ones that can't take a hint
Um
Yeah?
Have you ever thought about it from their point of view?
Point of view?
Susan?
What?
I think Mark is asking me out
Ha! Sounds like Mark
Well, can you come with me to dinner tomorrow
so it doesn't seem like i'm interested
Take your time
Thank you
Oh! let me get it
No, don't worry about it
Come on, its on me
I got it!
Take my cash
Put it away
Its my treat!
I'm done
Take it!
Venmo it is
Four fifty, lets call it even twenty?
Carol?
Oh! Hey Mark
Hey! Its been a minute
Um, we should catch up some time
Yeah, we totally should!
Yeah!
I'm just pretty busy these days
We'll figure something out
Yeah, I'm sure
Hey, whats your availability like?
Uh, well i'm usually free from like 8 to 5 pm on Wednesdays
and every fifth Friday of the month
Well! That difficult
I know
Yeah
Hey, I'm here!
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
You think the girls can't take a hint?
Maybe you guys can't take a hint that they're not interested
Nah!
Not interested! In us?
Good one Lisa
Um, it sounds like you have a lot going with Erica man
Hope you guys liked that short
I just realized that this short wouldn't really exist
if people just said what they really felt about each other
You're right, I think it would be easier if people would be more direct
but then again, some people don't know how they feel
and they need time to figure out if they're interested or not
and they don't want to come off mean
Yeah, I guess like sometimes people want to sugarcoat
Sure!
You know, or they want to let people down easy
Or you just don't want to assume that someone's automatically into you
Oh thats true, yeah
Just be more upfront
and try to take a hint
or give better ones
Um, anyways thanks for watching guys
be sure to subscribe to our channel and follow us on
instagram and facebook
Also, if you guys notice, we are wearing
some new Wong Fu t-shirts
On our second channel we have a show called Wong Fu recess
We have a team rhinos and team pandas
Um, we kind of go head to head on different sports
and we have team shirts
so go to the links below to get your team shirts
for the different Wong Fu teams
Pandas!
Rhinos!
Thanks for supporting us guys
See you next time!
Bye!